this was shaping up to be an exciting
week for baseball we thought maybe just
maybe the dodgers and yankees would be
in the World Series together but it
didn't happen Dodgers went early and the
Yankees went down hard
on Saturday night this is the rare week
when you yank these fans get to
experience what it feels like to be a
Mets fan all the time so the Yankees as
you probably know were eliminated in
dramatic fashion at the hands of the
Houston Astros the Astros have now said
the Yankees home three of the past five
seasons and in the spirit of good
sportsmanship we went out on the street
this afternoon to give Yankees fans a
chance to congratulate the players and
people of Houston on making it to the
World Series
what is your name ma'am Donna wait from
Donna Brooklyn wonderful Donna from
Brooklyn would you like to wish the
Astros good luck in the World Series
absolutely not I do I want to say Altuve
that was a nice shot but next time we're
gonna throw it your head - the Houston
Astros New York Yankees all day I'm a
New Yorker I'm a Yankee I want to tell
that little elevator come by my
construction site we'll throw him a
beating
you stand Astros yeah you want to
congratulate the Astros I go in the
world - hell no the Astros a s STR OS
and Altuve a little tattoo looking
bastard I hate them go Yankees anything
you'd like to say to the Astros yeah
damn they suck
you Yankee spam yeah baby anything you'd
like to say the Houston Astros go so
that good anything you'd like to say the
Astros look right in there and let them
know congratulations
again thanks for watching and remember
every time you click the subscribe
button one of your enemies gets
destroyed